these Medics were trained to treat
patients now many of them are also
victims in these dfield wars they are
trying to move hundreds of patients
because they say Israel ordered them to
leave the hospital an allegation Israel
has
denied most of the patients are in
critical condition the medical workers
say they are suffocating because of
smoke from the continued attacks while
they are trying to evacuate they simply
don't know where to go because there is
no safe place in Gaza so
infants and newborn babies are left
without oxygen it is nothing but a
medieval cave it is no longer a hospital
the occupation forces draw the Medical
Teams out of the hospitals on the road I
can see very appalling scenes dozens of
dead bodies scattered all over the road
we can't walk among the dead
bodies for more than 6 weeks these
scenes have been a daily occurence as
Israel's Relentless bombardment of
residential areas and hospitals
continues
after days of bombing the hospital's
vicinity Israel raided it and released
this video with no substantial evidence
supporting the Israeli claim of Hamas
using the hospital as a quote Command
Center but 8 days of constant attacks on
the hospital has killed at least 51
patients including four premature
babies the fourth newborn baby was
killed this morning he died and I myself
buried him in the mass grave of the
hospital's yard he was one of the last
Fallen
Martyrs Israel also bombed the hospitals
outpatient Children's Clinic most of the
death are children and women in this
Relentless bombardment the Medics have
been forced to do the impossible leave
the hospital and leave their patients
behind medical staff and all those
inside the hospital were forced to leave
in a single line waving White Flags
before we left we did all we can we left
some solutions other IV injection for
the remaining patients we hope they will
be
evacuated many of the victims moved from
the north of Gaza to the South an area
declared safe by Israel but the attacks
came to the South
too with no fuel and no electricity
dozens of hospitals attempted to
withstand the devastating Israeli
attacks 651 people have now left Al
shifa hospital they hope to be moved to
makeshift hospitals but more than 100
who were unable to move due to their
critical condition including dozens of
infants are left behind with only a few
medical workers many wonder if any of
them will
survive R SAR Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer